and would go 4 3 2 1 and we're live you
fucking handsome bastard look at you oh
yeah what's going on man what's going on
um well I've done this once before and
I've watched you throughout the years
and when I come in here I get a little
nervous why you're a guy who knows a lot
about everything and I don't know a lot
of I don't know a lot about everything I
know enough to make it seem like I know
a lot about everything
whatever you're doing it's you know more
than I do right like like we were on
your treadmill out there right and you
go
it's 13% what did you say I heard 10%
more difficult than regular running okay
I forgot the fact what you just said
from the time we walked in III lost it
so I don't I don't have the repenting
know that I wish I had you some alpha
brain I need something
do we have any here is that what I'm
missing in my diet alpha male I mean
it's uh what's interesting though is
that people will come up to me with shit
that happened just a few years ago and
I'm like I don't remember that at all
like I think you have a certain amount
of room in your brain and my brain is
always deleting stuff that it doesn't
think it needs anymore
and then shoving in new things like
sometimes someone will tell me about
something like what are you talking
about and they're like you don't
remember there was the guy with no arms
who drove us around I went what and then
I have to go oh yeah it's like I find
the folder in my head and like oh there
yeah yeah yeah yeah and then we went to
that pool hall and then I'll remember
okay but if yeah it's just for whatever
reason this uh I can only only keep
things that I'm interested in gotcha
yeah I just wish I could retain a lot of
the things
either see or hear - then recall it in a
conversation you can but you got to
write things down you gotta like want to
recall things yeah that's a problem I
don't do a lot of writing as far as like
a notepad or anything to just take notes
do when you write your act you write it
in your head you write it on paper or
it's audio just audio go to the comedy
store I record it and I listen to it on
the way home and then I'll go home maybe
I'll do this next time maybe I'll do
that I'll take that out in this out and
then so there's no writing my act is
more recalling stories than sitting in a
room going oh I think this is funny
right so that's kind of how I work but
yeah the reason I say that to start off
is just like I see you go down a lot of
different paths on the podcast and I
often go man if I was sitting in that
chair could I add to the conversation
and a lot of times it's no okay just
because for whatever the reason I I just
feel like I need to be a little bit more
well-read mmm how often you read like I
read the Goggins book
yeah and that fucking book yeah and that
life that dude had huh a sad life but
then on the flip side inspiring to you
know a guy like myself where you know
I'm running I'm running say I'm working
out and I I thought of this guy I go you
know what let's let's put another mile
in today yeah so yeah I mean I'm just
now starting to get into a little bit
more books than I have in the past
because in the past to be honest with
you I haven't really I haven't really
read much I try to read one new thing a
week and the way I try to do it is I
have I use a lot of audiobooks they're
also read books so I go back and forth
in between them between reading and
audiobooks but I find for whatever
reason I retain more with audio books
than I do with reading
maybe it's my ad D or something like
that because when I'm reading I kind of
have to back up sometimes like I'll go
through a whole paragraph or I'm
thinking about some other shit while I'm
reading yeah and then I gotta go okay
asshole back up reread that
over it again you know that's what I
find and my mind wanders like yeah if
you're saying the audiobook definitely
is better option yeah I think all
stand-up comedians have scatterbrains at
least in some in some way yeah all of us
are a little fucked up I think we have
to be I think I think that the mind
works in a weird way in a comedian's
head I think it has to be a little bit
fragmented and thinking a lot of
different things at once and you have to
operate I mean you're doing it on stage
I think you know you're doing you're
doing your comedy and I'm
self-evaluating going is this working
right now should I go off into another
bitch shit I talk about my family I see
their liking family stuff so I think
yeah that's what we're doing when we're
performing and then sometimes I think
that bleeds to everyday life yeah for
sure
yeah when you're doing a bit are you
thinking about what you're you like you
have a bit on deck like while you're in
the middle of the bit do you like go
from there I'm gonna talk about you know
the gym or though you know this or that
it's funny and I don't know if you go
through this do you ever go through well
first of all when you're doing comedy do
you have a beginning middle and end and
you know where you're going throughout
that whole set or do you in the moment
go you know what I'm gonna do the bit
about that that or is it set it's not
it's both it depends when like right now
I don't have a lot of material because
my Netflix special came out in October
so November December January I've
basically three months worth a new shit
which is about 40 minutes of all told
material and then I have 20 other
minutes that are in the there in like
the baking stage like I'm not ready to
take them out of the oven there I fuck
around with them I'll shove them in the
middle a bit some sometimes but they're
not they're not a hundred percent legit
they need to be fleshed out but one of
those became like one of my best bits
now it's weird how that works like
sometimes you'll just find this one part
of it that makes it work and boom all of
a sudden the bits turbocharged so
because of that I usually I decide that
day usually what I'm gonna open with and
then I leave the middle part up to my
imagination and then I decide what I'm
gonna close with but when I ready to do
a Netflix special I basically have it
all mapped out I basically have a
starting point and I have an end point
yeah not even like when I'm filming I
still fuck around and ad-lib because I
don't think because every show I do I
don't I don't have like I'm gonna say it
verbatim this way every time I always
fuck around because I always feel like I
could find a new way that's better if I
just stay loose and so even when I'm
filming I do it that way because I feel
I want this to be like a real show it's
a real show and I always film four shows
so I'm like if it's a real show I'll
fuck around and inside I've been filming
before I fuck around I go down a dark
road and there's no one there I'm like
alright turn around I thank God for
editing yeah I think I think that's the
way to do it though to be kind of in the
moment and go with how you're feeling
when you're filming something just
because that's the way you would be
anyway yeah ain't but sometimes I've
learned in the past when I'm filming
something I feel like man I'd like to
get everything that I want out on this
special and I don't want to forget
anything you know cuz it'll be nights
where I'm I'm performing and I I forgot
a bit I'm like I'll be searching in my
head for the bit and I'm like I know
there's another something then goes
along this but then I just jump off it
and go into a another routine so for me
I don't know I like to keep it different
every night just trying way around and
it's weird now that a Netflix special
the I just have one came out and I don't
really subscribe to if if I have a
Netflix special out and you come to a
live show you're going to see some of
those bits that I did in the Netflix
special I don't like retire the the act
I know some guys go okay it's out there
I'm not doing this on my live show
myself I still like to do some of that
material because I enjoy doing it and
I also have some new stuff so I kind of
and I don't know how long that lasts I
don't know like I know some some people
were like oh I saw that on the Netflix
why am I gonna pay to see it live if I
could see it at home but there's
something about going out I believe to a
live show and seeing a live performance
there's different nuances that you might
see in a bit or an add-on like this
sometimes I add on to the joke then my
jokes are sometimes never finished so we
keep adding on so that's the way I've
kind of worked at my entire career yeah
Gaffigan does it that way a lot of Brian
Regan does it that way where guys will
call out bits like they would like if
you go to see Gaffigan he doesn't do hot
pockets you're gonna get fucking mad
mm-hmm that's this a lot of people like
that I retire my material but I have
brought stuff out before if people asked
like someone asked me to bring up
explaining Kim Kardashian's to the
aliens the other night and I was amazed
that I could remember it but I
remembered it but for the most part I
retire ship because I feel like in my
mind if I don't retire things I'm not
going to work on new things as much I'm
going to limit myself and then I always
feel like my newest bits are better than
my older bits because even though I've
been doing stand-up for 30 years
I still think I get better at it I think
it's a constant state of self evaluation
and self analysis and going over the
material and then realize you know you
have enough good sets and bad sets and
great sets you have enough to kind of
recognize the characteristics of each
one where they go wrong and then you get
better at having less bad sets and even
less good sets and more great sets yeah
and you know and I think that for me one
big part of that is constantly writing I
write write I sit down and write right
and I write at one hour every night
after shows that's one big one I write
during the day but the big one for me
seems to be at night when I come home
from the store and I'm jazzed up and
also it's great too because everyone's
it's just me and the dog and I just
fucking sit at that desk and I'll just
work until my eyes start blinking and I
start getting really tired and some of
my best shit I've ever come up with is
that way
well after shows because I'm all juiced
up and then I also have a process of
listening to the show in the car because
you know it's one of the coolest things
about Bluetooth audio that you get your
phone you record it on your phone and
then in the car home you can listen and
you can go I fucked that up or I should
have done it this way or maybe if I do
that or you have an idea I'll pause it
got another idea
yeah and then I make a new voice note
and then I'll go home and I'll listen to
it again I'll listen to my set again and
I'll pause it and then start working on
stuff and that's how I've been able to
expand all these bits pretty quickly
mmm that's interesting I I find my best
bits come out of just living my life and
you know I have a daughter we went to
the zoo and the nuances at the zoo that
I picked up on and I just go out either
tell i-i'll call my mother and I'll tell
her a story and that's kind of my
barometer of whether or not this thing's
gonna work on stage and then I'll go to
the comedy store and kind of flush it
out there but yeah I mean I just never
been the guy who writes I just I don't
know well you don't have to know i yeah
it's working for you there's a lot of
guys who don't do it that way bill burr
doesn't do it that way he's one of the
best ever
yeah a lot of guys who just don't write
for me I feel like it's all about how
much time and energy I put on things and
if I put more time and energy you're
just working on my act because I'm
writing then it's gonna be better
that's just how I look at it yeah yeah
everybody's got their own process and
I'm fascinated to hear guys like
yourself Seinfeld's another guy that
every word is planned out yeah and you
could hear it with him you know you
really hear his act is like a scalpel
you know it's just he's slicing the
perfect slice and he's just he knows
exactly how does that it yeah he's got
perfect timing
he's got you know his use of words is
you know whether or not you you know
meaning anyway any comment can
appreciate that any comment can
appreciate the way he does that you know
there's a lot of guys who like that who
just have that did you ever watch Jenny
at all I have in you know his timing I
think was I think timing in comedy is
something a bit of a lost art I don't
think a lot of comedians are really
taking to timing like they have in the
past and I don't know if they're are
scared of the silence cuz because a lot
of timing is silent and a lot of guys
and and women tend to not relish in
those moments of silence where sometimes
it's it's comedy gold a lot of people
run through the material and for me as
an audience member I like someone who
kind of gives you as an audience member
a little little beat or yeah maybe some
time to kind of marinate in the joke a
little bit opposed to kind of blowing
through the material don't you feel that
like when you're in a large audience
that's even more critical because you
have like there's thousands of people
and it seems like a big pause like in
between punchlines or you give a person
a chance give this whole group of people
a chance to think about how ridiculous
what you just said was yeah it enhances
it oh absolutely I mean especially like
you said in a large audience which is
even more fearful for a comedian to let
the joke breathe yeah as God knows you
know if you've got a thousand people and
then you got 20,000 people I mean you
know 19 more thousand people could yell
or scream or say something so anything
but man to stop and just let that joke
breathe a little bit and just and then
maybe have it percolate there's times
where I'm on stage and and I'll go a
little bit longer than I thought I was
gonna go without talking but maybe give
it like a facial expression or whatnot
just to see if I could eke out another
crescendo of laughter yeah and those are
the moments are really relishing because
sometimes the silence is even better
than saying anything yeah
and you also realize that you're not
like rushing anything yeah you got a
hold of it yeah at least for myself my
act is more like a it needs to needs to
kind of sit I don't really do well on
like five minute talk shows doing like
you know doing a four and a half minutes
set on Fallon I need to like go out
there it takes me two minutes to to get
warm you know I'm saying like to get
into a joke right away and to me I just
anytime I need I need to let it breathe
ya know I feel the same way I've always
felt those late-night talk show sets are
so strange not only that but you're
basically opening for yourself
I mean cuz there's no one has done
stand-up yet accepted monologue you just
kind of stand up but kind of nob because
it's all like what's happening today and
everybody knows that it's been written
it's it's weird yeah and then you go out
and do a stand-up set and oftentimes you
see guys go out and they'll do a
stand-up setting they don't even have a
microphone you know they're doing a
stand-up setting they don't know what to
do with their hands you know the first
time I did a stand-up set on MTV I said
I need the microphone yeah I can't go
out there I've been doing comedy for
what 12 years it had been and then I got
like a Leno I need a physical like yeah
I'm used to this I'm not gonna go out
there all of a sudden now and like you
said what am I gonna with my hands yeah
so every time I do a late-night said I
need a microphone how do you still do
those um no not anymore I like to do
it's like comedy on the couch you know
you know it's like you go on Fallon or
what-have-you and it's all premeditated
birds the master at that all right so
he's the master he's the best that's
sitting down there and saying something
fucked up and they just like you know
you know I'm saying he's good he just
got a great way of handling the couch
yeah he makes it sound like just two
guys talking and then there's cameras
filming it yeah sometimes it could look
like okay you asked the question I give
the answer but for whatever the reason
it's so natural for him it's like this
guy looks like he's talking in a
at a diner yeah exactly ya know he's uh
he's mastered the art of not giving a
fuck yeah he's very comfortable and if
you you know like but that's who he is
all day you know he just wraps it up a
couple extra clicks when he goes onstage
yeah that's when you're hanging out with
him that's burr yeah it's not a far
departure from now from what we're
seeing he's got one thing down - that
guy does not fuck with social media he's
not doing nothing
oh he's not even on it I mean he like
kind of I guess he posts stuff well you
know I follow him on Instagram and every
once in a while I'll see something yeah
um which you know from me I've kind of
weaned off the social media a little bit
I know a lot of guys live on it and they
take you into their lives and here's you
know like here I follow Bert Kreischer
so everything I'm wondering if the
people around Bert Kreischer are going
to him all right Bert you want to lose
the phone you know like we're all we're
having dinner here oh yeah because man
he really gives you a bird's eye view
into not only his family life but he's
on a ski lift and he's got the you know
skis and this and that so which I
appreciate it's just for me I don't know
is there something a little sense of
privacy every once in a while well in
Bert's defense what Bert did was he had
a legit TV gig and he was doing Bert the
Conqueror and was the the other one the
other one where he was traveling around
trip flip trip flip and you know he's
doing really well but he was gone for
long stretches of time away from his
family and he wasn't getting to do much
stand-up and he and I had a conversation
about it and I said stood a girl you're
too funny to be just working for a
television show anybody can do a
television show but not everybody could
do stand-up the way you did stand up and
he somewhere along the line decided all
right fuck this TV shit and I'm just
gonna just gonna concentrate on stand-up
and a big part of that was social media
so big part of it for him was you know
every year we have this sober October
crew it sorry Tom Segura me and Bert and
we
do one month challenge yeah like it was
last year was a fitness challenge and
before that it was a hot yoga challenge
and before that they had to lose weight
so that when we've only done it twice
but it's a big thing social media why
it's a bunch of people hop on board with
it a bunch of people join in and they
take a month off boozing - and and for
Bert that's fucking hard that guy goes
hard in the paint with the booze yeah so
for him that that the sober October
stuff and the weight loss stuff
propelled his career I mean everything
started taking off the Netflix special
started taking off his stand-up shows
are sold out everywhere that he people
know him they know he takes off his
short when he goes onstage now it's a
totally different thing so I get it with
him
cuz that's what brought him to the dance
social media absolutely and that guy's
figured it out I'm just using Bert as an
example of a guy who's on social media a
ton and has figured out a way to weave
that into his kind of aura and what he
does professionally but for me I feel I
get a little I feel like everything I do
on social media has to be funny I mean
if I do a post I feel like it has to be
funny I feel a little bit intimidated to
put something out that's just me doing X
Y & Z and that's where I feel I fail at
social media and I feel like I've kind
of weaned off it and sometimes I look at
my Instagram or my Twitter it looks like
hey I'm gonna be here I'm gonna be here
here's my shows there's no real kind of
substance to it at all yeah that bothers
some people but the good thing is I mean
I get what people who all you do is
promote your shows
yeah but I'm promoting my shows you know
this is where I am if you like my shows
that's where I'm gonna be I get it but I
see what you're saying as a comic
because Ari Shaffir said that to it he
doesn't want to put anything on
Instagram or Twitter unless it's funny
no that's what he concentrates on and he
tries he was off even saying that he was
gonna mock people that are comedians
that say things that aren't funny I'm
like well then you're gonna be mocking
me I say a lot of shit that's not funny
he's like yeah but you do other things
which is weird because I do do other
things whether it's part
I sing all the time or doing the UFC
commentary like you know if I'm if I
watch some fights and I start posting
about MMA I'm not trying to be funny
it's just yeah just what it is yeah you
know well yeah you're living in a lot of
different worlds but and and I look at
your Instagram you're cooking meat right
yeah but for me I'm thinking how the
hell does he get the meat it's like from
from top to bottom like medium-rare
throughout you know that's for me that's
more of a l'heure oh I can teach you
Sebastian I could teach you you know
that he is cooking it slowly okay the
key so you got like this grill or
whatever Praeger yeah he'll it grill
palate grill is the one you want one if
it gets my meat the way Wow I'll have
them send you 100% perfect but yeah one
of those are do you know how they work
no it's fucking fantastic it's it's uh
they like say if someone wants to make a
desk like this at a hardwood like this
oak this sawdust
they take the sawdust from from sawmills
and they compress it and they make these
little tiny pellets and so there's no
chemicals no nothing it's just wood and
then the the way a pellet grill works a
bunch of really good companies that make
them I use a trigger but I've used a
yoder that's a great one too and Green
Mountain grills it's a great one this
they have they all work the same way
they have a heating element and a worm
drive so you have this big bucket of
these pellets and then the worm drive
feeds the pellets into this heating
element and the heating element makes
the pellets catch fire so once they
catch fire it's a matter of how much
pellets and how much fan to keep the tip
that's what it looks like up there so
then see look at this Joe
yeah no I'm looking at this and I'm like
it that looks like that looks like a lot
of work it's not first of all you got to
get a a side pellet catch all but it's
there comes with the whole thing yeah
but then you gotta go buy the pellets
it's easy I have it delivered to you
I'll have it delivered I'm trying to get
more people to cook like this because
it's just wood and fire it's the best
there's no chemicals there's no bullshit
no lighter fluid no gas no nothing so
you're in gravy fire your entire meat
process is on this grill except the end
at the end this is a different grill
than I have because this one has a thing
on the side if you see that thing on the
right hand side is like a like that
looks like a like a direct flame thing
looks like it's got gas as well right
the one that I have doesn't have that
but at the end I see her it at the very
end on a cast-iron frying pan so I cook
it from between 225 to 275 degrees which
is pretty low and I'll kick it until it
hits an internal temperature depending
upon what I'm cooking somewhere around
120 to the maximum like 130 ish then I
take it out and I have a cast-iron
frying pan that's hot as a motherfucker
and I use either a beef tallow or
grass-fed butter and then I sear that
shit out of that with some garlic and I
throw some thyme in there and fucking
flip it over and get that good sear and
then I let it sit for a minimum of 10
minutes okay so your meat is
unbelievable I've seen it on the ink so
I do something similar but I do it in
the oven I don't do it I don't work I do
a slow cook in the oven and then I take
it out I let it rest for I think 15
minutes and then I do a seared job oh
but I'm always looking for better ways
to to cook meat and if if you're saying
that this palate thing does it add any
flavor
yeah that's with that because it's smoky
hardwood gotcha
so you it's all smoked you lift the
thing up smokes coming out of it and
everything it's a nice aromatic smart
that's what I know it's like cherry
smoke or oak or you know Hickory or
maple all these different hardwoods you
could choose a bunch of different
perfect okay so you're not getting that
in the oven
no and you know it's different and
there's also a setting on a trigger
called super smoke where you hit it it
it goes - it can't be over 225 but
that's what I like anyway and you put it
on 225 and it's just constantly fans
hard and pushes all this smoke so it
just gets this deep rich smoky flavor in
the meat melesa nice but I like if
you're not into that - I like a regular
burr grille like one of those little
fucking Weber that you know the little
bocce yeah what are those things called
that you get what would you call them
they're like a drum looks like a half a
drum yeah a barrel fucking thing yeah
but what are those this way it looks
like looks like it's like a black yeah
the black ones yeah like steel those but
I like those with just lump charcoal
that puts a nice flavor on it too the
key is don't fuck around with chemicals
when you start using lighter fluid and
shit that adds weird taste to your food
and does yeah and even if you buy that
lump charcoal though those charcoal
briquettes rather the charcoal
briquettes there's there's something in
them that makes them that shape they
have to and then they they you know they
they light fast yeah because there's
fucking gasoline in them yeah like butt
lump charcoal meaning they just take
hard wood and then they burn that shit
down to two you know that clunky looking
lump charcoal just get that stuff and
then take some newspaper and roll the
newspaper up in one of those you ever
use one of those little those chimneys
do you know what those things are no
it's a barbecue chimney it's like you
pour the charcoal in this tube and at
the bottom of the tube you take like
pieces of paper and you crumple them up
balls and then you light the balls on
fire and the fire rises up from the
paper to the charcoal and it lights the
charcoal on fire then you dump the
charcoal out into the grill and that
puts a nice flavor on it too that's just
a but it's again the same kind of
feeling it's like wood just this wood
flavor on the meat that's nice I'm salt
yeah yeah
yeah I'm a big fan of cooking I love it
I went to this restaurant the other
night to a pl I saw it on your Instagram
good meat I ate a 380 day dry aged steak
this guy I'm gonna get him on here he's
a chef his name's Adam Perry Lang and
he's the guy who runs the place and I've
never even heard of someone doing
something like that like you hear like
dry aged steak is like 30 days yes right
he's he's taken it to some weird crazy
place where he's got these
these stakes in his gigantic like
walk-in freezer error where everything
is dry aging they have certain microbes
they put in the air and then they have
fans so it's like it's a certain type of
bacteria that they want that covers over
the meat certain type of mold oh wow so
it delivers this very strange taste it's
not like any steak that I've ever had in
my life it's very weird it's delicious
that's what it looks like oh wow yeah
that's 380 day dry aged steak it's you
see it's he says it smells like foie
gras it does it's it smells very strange
it's very different
yeah and I've heard about this place
phenomenal and I haven't been there is
this in Hollywood thank you we'll go
together good man I'm ready to go man
it's uh it's on vine yeah it's
phenomenal but it's it's not for
everybody like that float like my wife
is not into it
she likes regular steak she's not it's
like she's like ah yeah she's it's it's
a strong flavor all right it's a
different fly kit doesn't taste like
anything you've ever had before look it
doesn't taste like venison doesn't taste
like bison it doesn't taste like a
ribeye that you get from Fleming's or
something like that it tastes very very
different I love photograph it taste
like that then I'm then it's what it
does but not really it smells like foie
gras it's it tastes like itself it
doesn't taste like anything I've ever
had but it's uh you know that's when
you're you're fucking geeking out hard
there's a show that I binge watch on
YouTube it's called the meat show I
think that YouTube channels called eater
and then the show is called the meat
show this guy just travels around going
all these different super high-end
restaurants that serve steak and trying
to see what their preparation is and
what they do differently and you could
fuck and lose your mind with that stuff
yeah you could go down a deep dark hole
with me yeah
hey man I'm willing to try anything I'm
more like experimental as far as when it
comes to food my wife not so much she's
very picky
do you use recipes use cookbooks um I
have used cookbooks in the past
I do a majority of the cooking in my
house I come from you know my mom used
to cook a lot and and my father used to
do a lot of fish so I don't do a lot of
recipes it's more like dad how do you
make the the muscle for the muscle sauce
and then he'll you know take me through
it so nothing's written down it's yeah
what do you do like what do you in do
you like like linguini with clams like
what kind of stuff you could you know
what I like I like a lot of pasta I like
a nice bolognaise sauce however I'm
trying to stay away from those types of
meals because in the past I ballooned up
to you know 205 207 not given in with a
crap about my health or or anything and
recently I've lost some weight due to
the fact that I've been watching my diet
because you know I mean I don't know I
mean you're in shape so you you seem a
lot more discipline than a lot of
comedians when it comes to to health but
for myself I have you know taking on a
regimen of not drinking wine I just
having like a little wine after the meal
or during the meal so I've eliminated
that and I've been doing some Pilates
Pilates which has helped my my balance
and my core underrated exercise very on
I gotta tell you Joe this Pilates is
really changed the way I look at
physical fitness you know who's really
into Pilates Sergey Kovalev really yeah
he just regained the U of the WBC or WV
I forget which which light heavyweight
championship on Saturday night he's the
crusher this is badass Russian
motherfucker and he just just I mean at
35 I think he has regained his title and
his routine is very unusual and one of
the things that he does for his exercise
is Pilates and you know people make fun
of it but the guy has got strength in
all these weird places yeah full range
of motion and fly
ability and well that's what I have I'm
forty five so my range of motion my
shoulders screwed up my legs my knee and
this has given me an exercise where I
could not only improve my flexibility
but man I mean you walk I'm drenched
yeah and so yeah I'm getting back on the
physical fitness thing because I've been
on the road so so much that I kind of
let that slip a little but I want to get
the I want to get it back yeah you know
some guys are real good about working
out on the road like Bryan Callen goes
everywhere he goes he'll go to a gym
he's real good at that like he'll go and
go work out with kick boxers work out
with jujitsu guys Bryan does a lot of
boxing so he'll final like a local
boxing gym and have a guy hold the pass
for him maybe do even little light
sparring he gets really into it on the
road but I think that's the key is like
to force yourself to not stay in your
hotel and wait till the show goes you
just gotta force yourself to get out and
go do something yeah I I wish I was a
self-motivated guy but I need help so
I've taken my buddy John Petrelli is a
personal trainer so he comes on the road
with me and you know motor motivates me
to well that's great to get up and go we
do swimming we do a lot of different
things this guy's I liken him to you
because he's into mixed martial arts
he's into hunting he's one of these guys
that is a great motivator and really
helped me get my life back together when
it comes to it's a physical fitness
because again I was lifting weights my
everything was falling apart and now
with the swimming in Pilates I feel like
I have something look forward to when it
comes to to working out because I to go
to the gym for me wasn't fun anymore
it's like what am I gonna do I SEPs and
chest it's over I I do it 225 ever again
yeah that's that was my workout since I
was like 18 I'd go in nothing nothing
changed it was 225 yes and then let's do
some curls and you know neglect the ABS
go home yep the legs no legs although I
did have I played soccer growing up so I
did have those you know those soccer
legs
I got like Earl Campbell thighs yeah
soccer is one of the best exercises ever
I mean it's also a great way to blow
your ACL out totally yeah everybody's
you know it's shifting left and right
and all that there's a fucking picture
you know big boy the the the DJ his
fucking son there's a video he retweeted
it his son is a football player and
there's there's a video of his son where
you know someone's trying to tackle him
and he moves like a fucking ghost it's
incredible you watch them do it like it
was one one of those rare things where
you see something and you're like
legitimately impressed like holy shit
I watched it like five times in a row
this kid's footwork is incredible
really yeah but footwork like that kind
of likes like who's in better shape than
soccer players they're constantly
sprinting yeah the home game it's like
you and you have to maintain that
stamina
you're constantly sprinting yeah there's
a lot of mileage you're putting on in us
in a soccer game although you know what
gives me and you are probably gonna
laugh as well as your listeners believe
me
pickleball you ever played on pickle
bold pickle pickle ball it's like tennis
and ping pong and you played in a
gymnasium so it's like it's a net okay
and it's you got paddles and talked
about moving side-to-side
it's it's fun and you burn a ton of
calories when you do it in a gym you
didn't in gym and look at like a
basketball court so it's like
racquetball but there's a net there's a
net so not bouncing it off the wall
you're you playing it like tennis yeah
it's a court small net and you have
what's on that like in Venice there's a
little small corset listen you're gonna
laugh alright there's a lot of old
people that play this but I'm telling
you
this is embarrassing so you each have
your is for people yeah you could do
doubles but me and my buddy play just
one on one and I'm telling you it's not
that looks like it's not only fun but
you you burn a lot of calories and you
don't even know you're doing it because
I'm diving and right it's uh it's one of
the exercises that we when he's got you
doing he's got you doing Pilates and
pickleball what's next
I have no LA he's working you know he's
working towards I don't have to tell you
I'll tell you I know a lot of 68 year
old people play this but if you're
looking for a low kind of impact fun
activity no tennis is fucking hard
tennis tennis another thing this is like
this is like panis reduced to a smaller
coin basically probably healthier for
you yeah it's not as hard on the ankles
and the needs to it's not as hard yeah I
will have to go after we have our steak
where would one go to have it of course
in Venice Beach that's what I thought it
was I've always seen these small tennis
courts there and I know really what
people were playing also they're calling
it paddle tennis yeah maybe maybe this
but this is what this is what it is
these guys look ridiculous they should
just go home
this is outrageous what are you doing
sir a pair you put a little English
listen I grew up on ping-pong
I'm really good at ping-pong really yeah
so this is like a larger version of Ming
pong yeah it looks like it's fun I'll
bullshit aside
that looks like a good time it's it's
fun believe me I know your listeners are
dying left and right now but I'm telling
you it's it's it's it's good so that's
what I'm doing show so you take your
trainer with you on your lunge row
that's the move where's this gourd you
meet this guy I've known for 20 years
and I don't mind a set of days of our
lives
only extra work yeah
days of our lives when I first came out
to LA in 1998 I was the type of guy I
would do these weird like mailings to
get work right so four days of our lives
no it was General Hospital General
Hospital take a headshot and then take a
post-it note and I would write on the
post no ready to operate stuck it could
a headshot and I set it off so I would
do these like weird little mailings
where oh you know maybe the person
opening the mail would get a little
chuckle and whatnot so I met him doing
extra work this is what I used to do for
for some extra cash and we became fast
friends he's an Italian kid and we
similar operating middle-class he's from
New York I'm from Chicago and just a
great great guy he set me up with my
wife I mean that's how I know my wife
through him and he's been a huge huge
help for me that's awesome man if you
could find a guy who actually knows what
he's doing and that that is so huge
because they also know what you need you
know they're like hey you know we need
to concentrate more on your rear delts
and you the issues you have with your
shoulders or your mobility so we're
gonna work on some band work first and
warm you up and you could fuck yourself
up just doing it by yourself I really
could I did and you're right he knows
what to work on what to loosen up mm-hmm
let's not jump right into the exercise
let's warm it up a little bit so yeah I
credit him to kind of get me back on the
health and fitness and plus we've taken
our own meals that's another thing we
were we pack our own meals we get like a
service and we bring breakfast lunch and
dinner on the road and that's our meals
Wow yeah well listen I was going out
having a dry-aged at midnight you know I
was eating a full-blown steak asparagus
and baked potato and then a show then I
would go to bed yeah and was good it's
delicious like it but you won't go to in
that you're right that is you know
sometimes I will come home from the
store and I'm hungry and I'll eat late
night and then I
wake up almost hungover I don't like I
didn't even try I ate I ate like a
thousand calories at 2:30 in the morning
yeah well last night my wife and I had
sushi I woke up and I don't the sodium
was unbelievable I was like geez from
one thing as sushi I look like I need to
go sweating your son is it sodium and
sushi like what's it's the it's the soy
sauce and that that's where at least I'm
picking it up from who are all these
guys showing up at our door okay just
but sodium is not what would it be in
the soy sauce the soy sauce green soy
sauce that's like the low you know those
have the low one and the high one of the
two different yeah low sodium and high
sodium I think last night I had the high
sodium and I woke up and it wasn't good
how much soy sauce are you using you
know what I like when you like the soy
sauce and then I like the wasabi yeah I
put a clump of that in soy sauce and you
mix it I mix it I make like a slurry
yeah it gets it gets thick yeah so when
I eat the sushi
it just it burns my nose that's that's
how I like it I like it that way too
sometimes sushi chefs don't like it when
you do that they get offended of what
disrespect in the fish yeah yeah should
stand alone did you ever see that movie
jiro Dreams of Sushi oh is that the guy
that's got that sushi joint at the in
the train station yeah in Japan yeah
yeah have you seen that I've seen half
of it it's really weird because it
changed my idea of what sushi is I used
to think it's other cut and fish up they
slap it on a piece of rice it's great
it's good tastes good clean easy for you
now I realize like this guy it's like
his life's dedication to putting
together the perfect tastes yeah like
there was one guy that's been working on
this egg plate for a year trying to
perfect it trying to get it right it's
in literally like a joke you know trying
to make the joke so perfect I was trying
to get the dish so perfect yeah I would
never thought that with sushi
I thought like if you said a sushi chef
I'd be like uh yeah right okay
like he's not really a chef it's just
cutting up fish yeah but there's
something about the way they're
preparing these I mean yeah it's one
thing if you're getting like a sashimi
it's just salmon but if they're putting
it together with rice and you know it's
like a science yeah no it's definitely a
science it's also science because they
age the fish which I didn't know I
didn't know that yeah I was watching
this YouTube thing where these guys were
going to the sushi place and they were
saying that tuna
they will have their tuna in the
refrigerator for as long as two weeks in
preparation for sushi and just like dry
aged steak the aging of the tuna breaks
down the the bacteria break down some of
the tissue and make it softer and more
delicate and change the flavor profile
yeah no I had no idea I thought they
caught it yeah don't you freeze fish for
it to be sashimi grade is that the deal
I don't know was that the case I don't
let's find out what makes something
sashimi grade I saw there was a guy who
caught a big-ass fucking tuna and they
sold it for three million dollars so I
had yeah go back to that what in the
fuck is that five thousand dollars a
pound
Japan's king of tuna is that racist
racist the way I said it it seemed
racist the first tuna auction of the
year a Tokyo's new fish market set a
record price more than three million for
a giant bluefin tuna a critically
endangered species yeah see that's where
you gotta go man is it critically
endangered and if it's if it is so
should you really be cutting that fucker
up yeah I don't know when I was in
Hawaii we caught some yellowtail my
youngest daughter loves fishing so I
went out with her and we went on this
boat and we were actually jigging
there's like this shelf and this big
drop-off and these yellow tails hang out
there we caught a gang of them and one
of the things they were saying was that
the Big Island had a farm where they
were farming yellowtail like they had
this gigantic likes
sort of netted in area where the fish
couldn't leave and they were they were
trapped in this area but then this storm
came and broke down all the nets and the
fish escaped and now they're everywhere
and you're catching them we caught like
six or seven of them and they're fucking
big like ten pounds and you fighting
them on like a light spinning rods like
like really awesome awesome time but
they were unbelievably delicious but
these are non-native they brought them
over there and released him like they
better start doing that with other fish
right like they really should set up
these fish farms and just release these
motherfuckers out into the ocean because
they're just taking nets and pulling
them across the bottom of the floor not
even it's like such a there's something
to be said about going out and catching
the fish like you're saying rather than
taking a net and just scooping
everything up in its path
everything turtles dolphins whatever the
fuck is there everything gets jacked and
the problem is you know there's who
knows how many countries have boats that
are doing that and they're all operating
in international water and I don't know
what the fucking laws are but they're
just pulling what and they you know the
other thing they do that's fucked up
when they're done a lot of times they
cut the net loose and they just leave it
in the ocean they just drop the net to
the bottom of the ocean it's funny they
have the regulations for like hunting
yeah they don't have it like in the
ocean you know it's cuz nobody owns it
you only own like a certain amount of
your Shore like off like say from Malibu
out I don't know how much they the
United States owns but we only own a
certain amount and then it becomes
international waters international
waters it's like kind of anybody could
be out there mmm it's weird I mean it
makes sense but there's no I don't think
there's any I think if you have a boat
you could just kind of go anywhere
that's international water and just no
regulations here what is what parts of
the ocean are considered international
water territorial waters or territorial
seas defined by a 1982 United Nations
Convention on the law of the sea it's a
belt of coastal waters extending at most
12 nautical miles from the baseline
usually the
mean low-water mark of the coastal state
so 12 miles so 12 miles out or thirteen
point eight miles yeah nautical my own
Oracle miles is different huh
interesting why is it different how
weird is that
wait nautical miles are different in
regular miles the fuck get it together
yeah don't call it a mile then you fucks
is this it imagine hey buddy I'll meet
you at 12 miles all right 12 nautical
miles and the guy's a mile on a point
eight away from you all those stores use
the label sushi-grade fish there is no
official standards for using this label
the only regulation is that parasitic
fish such as salmon should be frozen to
kill any parasites before being consumed
raw the best ones are assigned grade one
which is usually what we sold as sushi
grade but what about sashimi grade is
what he said it's the same thing you're
not supposed to eat salmon raw
apparently salmon is a freshwater fish
and salmon know it can fuck you up but
you could pull a tuna out of the right
out of the ocean yeah I have a buddy of
mine who win tuna fishing off of San
Diego they caught a tuna and they sliced
it up and ate it right there on the boat
like right is they right after they
pulled it out of the water that I
haven't done but that that to me it
would be the bus eating yes water I mean
I just hope they don't wait until
there's nothing left before they start
doing something to save them it just
doesn't doesn't seem like I mean if
you're taking us fish and you you're
buying it for three million dollars
that's almost like a scene in a movie
right that's like the end this was one
of the last tuna look they bought it for
3 million everybody's smiling and
they're cutting it up it's like yeah
hunting regulations are critical but you
could you know what the population is
it's very they they did the fish and
wildlife departments have all these
different methods they use whether it's
using reports from hunters whether it's
the they fly over with airplanes and
helicopters and things along those lines
whatever they use they have a bunch of
different ways that they can determine
what the population is then they
determine the population of predators
how many animals are lost how many
animals are shot during any hunting
season and then they determine how many
tags can be divvied out so like say if
you live in an area there might be 500
tags available but there might be like
2,000 hunters that are applying for
those tags
so most people are not going to get it
it's a it's a very smart way they've
they've really got it down to a science
and because of that there's more
white-tailed deer in this country than
then even when Columbus landed
yeah it's they've got a really good
system yeah if they could figure
something out for the ocean prominent
enough to get everybody to cooperate
this some like they can't even get Japan
to stop killing whales like there's
there's certain Japanese folks who they
have this really sneaky thing they do
and there's this business conservation
group called the Sea Shepherd's and they
catch these fucking people all the time
but what they basically do is they say
we're a research boat and they use a
research boat and go slaughter whales
and then sell the whales but they
pretend it's that it's research but if
they kill a whale certain countries
still value parts of Wales they make
things with it yeah what the fuck do
they make with whales I think they make
some perfumes like what but people are
still killing whales it's it gets weird
when things are smart that's when it
gets weird
yeah you know some as smart as a fucking
whale yeah I mean the end these in these
countries they're using like you said
parts of the fish for you know that they
put it on their mantle they got like a I
don't know a tooth yeah or what-have-you
from a whale or a shark or whatever
that's the big thing with rhinos sorry
guys but the rhino horns off and they
drink it like in a tea and supposed to
make your dick hard
oh it's see this is what I'm talking
about you know these things mmm I mean I
don't know how to hell you remember all
this stuff I'm gonna I've just forgot
the mileage off the coast we just 13.8
model miles 12 nautical miles difference
1.8 difference at 12 miles which is who
knows how long we get to 500 miles out
you got to do the math that's crazy
it's stupid yeah yeah I don't know how I
remember these things
it's a fucking screwy brain no I wish
had your memory Joe that's what I'm
saying
it's not the best I'm telling you it's
like there's a lot of shit that I don't
remember I just remember things that are
interesting you know I have a it's it's
an odd it's an odd sense of memory but
the the rhino horn thing is kind of sad
because it doesn't even work you know
especially in this day and age where
people can get viagra it works yeah but
there's something about it I think in
some Asian cultures where it's
considered like a sign of wealth you
drive a Rolls Royce you drink rhino tea
this guy's a baller you know he doesn't
give a fuck he drinks wine OD you know
like oh man
drinking rhino tea what a guy yeah this
but there's something about that like
you know yeah I want to eat an extinct
animal I want to bring a woolly mammoth
back to life and shoot it in the head
like there's some people that are like
that like they they want to be the
ultimate Conqueror and you know I want
to eat a whale dick you know what I mean
like this there's people that are like
that I'm just good looking for a nice
steak generally steak are good linguine
with clam sauce that place that I saw
you out when I was with my kids yeah
that's a sensational Italian restaurant
that place is legit well that place
moved yes if you've been to the knife
lesson yeah so that place is excellent
what's in the old spot they're redoing
the whole building so I mean that think
that's one of the last times I have
eaten there when I saw you and your kids
having a meal there yeah that place is
good the pastas are fantastic as good as
it gets they make the perfect linguine
with clams they dislike perfect it is it
just is not too soupy you know some
people get crazy with the the liquid and
you get it it's like it's it's almost
like bathing you know in a soup and but
they have it's nice it's al dente it's
got some chew to it the places I've been
to and they got like guys walking around
they're from like Sicily yes the owners
a little old man that kind of walks
around and make sure everything's okay
and he's speaking Italian
yeah you feel like you're in you're in
Italy witness I'll Pacino there see no
II touch it yes I did
well yes I did that's crazy you know I
also that saw their shannen doherty
remember her
oh no no the original bad girl yeah
there's a lot of celebrities up up and
then saw jay-z and Beyonce come into the
back door yeah there's like a strap
there's a tunnel under the ground put
the celebrities in pop him up through so
um what was it like doing Madison Square
Garden you did four shows in the Austin
Square Garden he did it in the round
yeah so how many shows he done the round
before leading up to then I'd say
probably 15 16 also you've done quite a
few in the round yeah if you like it um
it's a different animal and my act is
very physical and expressive so it kind
of works for that type of environment
although you have to listen there's a
screen above you so people are watching
screens yeah when they go to shows
anyway but the challenge to do it in the
round is to hit those people within the
first five rows that maybe can't see the
screen because once you go to the other
side of the stage you got your back to
them and it's it's kind of difficult
yeah yeah that's so crazy
that's 18,000 people yeah that's fucking
bananas dude so yeah it's been for New
York New York for me has been really
really good to me over the years
obviously I'm Italian and there's a lot
of Italians in the New York City area
but what I think has happened is I'm
talking about like family and I'm
talking about like the immigrant
experience my father being an immigrant
from Sicily and what I'm seeing at my
shows is not only an 88 year old
grandmother but a 12 year old kid and
kind of everybody in between Wow so it's
very broad its comedy and I'm not
Tooting my own horn here I'm just saying
it's comedy that you could
come and not cringe because the material
might be a little blue or what have you
and Joey Diaz Joey Diaz open for you and
mascara what shocked so yeah I mean
that's why I think I was able to do four
shows at Madison Square Garden just
because my audience is a large swath of
multi-generational it's more of a
generational just a lot of different
people at the shows and to do Madison
Square Garden for me as we were talking
prior to getting on here I was saying
that I think I took a little too much on
my plate and what I mean by that is
coming up in comedy I used to say yes to
everything the phone used to ring and it
was my agent you want to do yeah put me
down
I'm in what you're trying to work yeah
trying to work and what has happened
once you get too busy I think you need
to learn to you know press the brakes a
little bit
so I did a ton of press when I was in
New York and I had family there I had
friends there and I think I read myself
a little too thin so when the shows came
I don't feel like I was operating at an
optimal level to to perform yeah it was
fun I I still had a good time but you
know the more and more I just stand up
the more and more I feel like you really
gotta be clear-headed in the moment and
you can't you can't overwork yourself
it's just who I am
I've always been a worker I mean when I
wasn't going to college and I had time
off in the summer I was working when I
used to work summers as a janitor during
high school so all the time was always
occupied with work and I feel if I'm not
working I feel like or I'm not doing
press or I'm not doing anything I feel
like you're slacking yeah I feel like
because
my father has always put in my head you
know what do you what do you you know we
doing like he'd come home and go would
you do today yeah it was like all right
you know you're gonna paint the fence
this this weekend I'm gonna paint the
fence so there was always something to
do right and that work ethic has bled
into my career and now that I've had
some success in my career I think I'm
have to kind of pull it back a little
bit and not say yes to an interview that
maybe it's not gonna help but he's gonna
take up a lot of your time yes yeah
exactly
yeah no I'm in the same boat and I mean
I think sometimes even I do too many
podcasts I think but there's a lot of
fucking people I want to talk to so it's
hard but I think I've definitely stopped
doing interviews and all those different
things for that reason it's just there's
only certain amount of time you have and
you know like you I have a family like
you I exercise and I have a lot of
hobbies man between archery and martial
arts and and reading and just watching
documentaries and you know it's is it
gonna help like I don't want to be any
more famous you know we were talking
about this earlier
I don't it's good I'm working it's all I
want to do what I want to do now is do
my best work yeah that's my number one
objective whether it's standup whether
it's UFC commentary whether it's doing a
podcast I want to do my best work and I
don't think that I can do my best work
if I'm scattered and I often am I think
you put hit a nail and I had doing your
best work whatever you're doing so yeah
if you're gonna come in here today and
do a podcast whatever you did prior to
this cannot really take away from the
energy that you need to do this same
thing with the MMA and then that
announcing and the same thing with the
stand-up comedy I feel that sometimes I
jeopardize myself and I take on too much
and I've realized that and I'm going to
kind of because then I got a FAQ another
baby coming so resolution thank you
families growing and you know I come
home and I'm looking at my daughter
she's 20 months and I mean those moments
for me are like do
do I want to like take my daughter out
for lunch or do I want to do an
interview in Idaho right you know I know
you gotta sell tickets that's part of
the game but I think I need to kind of
just choose my my my roads a little
careful well that's one of the good
things about social media is that it
allows you these paths to distribute you
know like fliers and you put little
poster zuv where your gonna be and stuff
like that and it can reach your actual
fans as opposed to just you know random
person who's listening to the radio or
random person who picks up the newspaper
so that's that's what I think that but
but I like to reach the person that
doesn't know who I am it's fun to go to
your fan base but you know I'm sure a
lot of the people that listen to your
podcast maybe not know who I am and it's
a joy for me to to get someone who is
this guy maybe check them out and to get
a new fan opposed to maybe feeding the
fan base I currently have I'm always
looking for new people to come on board
with what I'm doing so you know when I
do a radio show in Peoria at 7 o'clock
in the morning I'm hoping someone's in
their car going check him out yeah yeah
and even if it was two people that
bought the ticket for me I would think
that it was worth it getting up to get
to more fans right sometimes though it's
it's it hurts the end product and the
reason why I'm I'm here is the stand-up
comedy right if that starts to slack
then everything else falls apart yeah I
feel the same way and I've learned over
the years what the what the mistakes are
like where I can screw it up like
podcast for instance I don't do like I
used to do like a hot yoga class at
10:30 it gets out at noon I do a podcast
at 1:00 I can't I don't do that anymore
because I found I was just too fucking
worn out yeah because I do a 90 minute
yoga class and I'm I come in here and
I'm still like oh yeah
what what do you are we talking about
like I'm still Spacey I need two hours I
need two hours and I need to drink a
shitload of water and then I'm good to
go
but I
need that extra hour so now I'll do like
an 8:30 class or something like that or
maybe even a six in the morning class
and so when I have a 1:00 p.m. podcast
I'm fucking completely acclimated yeah
but I had to do that by trial and error
absolutely and that's where I'm at I
think I'm trying to figure out what what
the balance is of creating a life
outside of stand-up and then giving all
I can to stand up and and even I I do a
podcast with Pete Korey Ali that we did
a live podcast for the first time and I
don't know if you're seeing this the
podcast listener is a different audience
than what's arriving at my shows to
different audiences there's a there's a
there's a definite podcast listener out
there I mean people that listen and
consume podcasts and it crosses over
don't get me wrong but I I I want to do
the podcast in Orlando and totally
different totally different vibe it's
nice to see who the hell is listening to
this stuff yeah we did it and I don't
know if you've ever done a live cast but
I'm sure you're yeah McCann anomaly I
you got like fans from all different
walks of life I mean you're in the
stand-up world you're in the mixed
martial arts world you're in the podcast
world so it must be a lot of different
people coming to your shows no there's a
lot of weirdos yeah if you see a dude
with shaved head and tattoos and he's
kind of jacked he probably knows who I
am but it's like a lot of people that
are into the science podcasts or the you
know podcast with interesting
intellectuals there's like a lot of yeah
but this is people that don't like the
mixed martial arts stuff and they they
like me for other things you know it's
it's hard you know you can't please
everybody you know you can't it's not
really possible and then along the way
you find that out and you piss a bunch
of people off you know they're like you
know I don't like that part of you like
okay I don't know tell you yeah you
can't make everybody know but especially
if you do a lot of shit you know but I'm
lucky with the job with the UFC that
they don't really care about the other
things that I do because if I was
working for more
sensitive organization you know
obviously it's a fucking Cagefighting
promotion it's like how sensitive can
you get yeah but with some social issues
you know this like if I was working for
the NBA I probably been fired a decade
ago the MMA is definitely a where the
UFC is definitely an animal in itself
how did how did you get into that
position
did you know the Dana White and you
started for you I always wanted to ask
you this and at the Comedy Store how did
you become kind of the voice of of the
UFC well I started in 1997 I was the
post-fight interviewer that was it was
just a position that was available and
the UFC was very small back then very
few people knew what it was it was off a
cable you couldn't get it on cable you
could only get it on satellite and they
needed someone to do post-fight
interviews so you were in that world to
begin with I was in the martial arts
world you know I used to teach martial
arts for a living before I became a
comedian I used to fight fought a lot of
Taekwondo tournaments and had some kick
boxing fights and I'd always been a
martial artist since I was a kid and so
I just was interested in watching the
UFC and then I started training in
jiu-jitsu and when I was training in
jiu-jitsu I was just a white belt it was
just starting out that's when I got
hired by the UFC to be a post-fight
interviewer but I only did that for two
years and then I quit it was just too
much and it was actually like it was I
was losing money I would make more money
doing a weekend at a comedy club than I
would doing it doing the UFC and it just
got to a point was just it was too much
of a pain in the ass and so I still
remained a fan but I backed away and
then the UFC was purchased by this
company called Zuffa in 2001 and when
that happened they started putting on
shows in Vegas and I would go there with
my friends they got me free tickets they
reached out and they would try to get
celebrities to go sit there so that it
would they would because they were very
small-time they were trying to were
hemorrhaging money they were trying to
build it up and in talking to Dana White
one day you know I was talking to him
about fights going on in Japan I'm like
have you ever seen Sato fight do you
know what what do you do you know soccer
odd you know
this guy I was bringing all these names
and he was like do you want to do
commentary I'm like I don't want to do
commentary man I'm here to get drunk and
watch people kick the shit out of each
other I'm not here to work and he talked
me into it for one show UFC thirty seven
and a half it was a show that was on one
of those Fox Sports network's smaller
networks and I think was the best damn
sports show period was a part of it I
did that and the rest is history well
and then I did like twelve of them for
free like the UFC didn't have any money
well they were hemorrhaging money then
they had there were rich people that
owned it but it was not a profitable
venture yeah and I said look just get me
there
get me my friends tickets and I'll do it
and so that's how I operated for like
like over a year and then I just became
the commentator it's just weird
that's crazy it's just Dana White he's a
crazy man
and he's uh he's got a you know a weird
way of looking at things that that's
very effective and in in his crazy mind
he's like let's take this guy who's
never even thought about being a
commentator and make him our commentator
I mean I didn't know what the fuck I was
doing I mean I really didn't I didn't
have any training at all in sports
commentary I just would see what was
happening and start talking about it you
know which is really like the wrong I
was more even play-by-play and color it
was like doing both of them at the same
time was really weird and as far as you
doing that do you get any notes from
anybody going hey Joe
try this try dad or you just develop
that whole that voice all on your own
100% of my own so the only thing that I
had was there's like Mark delicata who's
a good friend of mine he is he's a one
of the top trainers in the world he's in
the truck and I can communicate with him
there's a button where I can communicate
with him and we talk about stuff like I
can say does he look like he's limping
to you and he's like yeah there's
something wrong with his leg I go the
left leg right he's like yeah yeah and
then I'll start talking about it like
I'll be able to bounce it down or
sometimes I just it's obvious and I'll
say it myself and I'll I'll ask him like
am i wrong is he dropping his hand or is
is this is it like is it nice it's a
nice thing to have someone to bounce
things off
it used to be Eddie Brown
Eddie Bravo used to do it as well where
I would be able to talk to him about
certain positions because he would be in
the truck and I'd be able to ask him
like his left legs in jeopardy right now
right or he needs to step over with his
right leg we'd be able to go over
because like there's some aspects of
martial arts that are extremely
technical especially jujitsu when things
go to the ground and you're trying to
commentary do commentary and I have to
decipher which is his left leg which is
his right leg
where is he tied up where is he tangled
and I'm doing in real time while I'm
trying to be entertaining and talking
very complicated mm-hmm you know but
nobody taught me how to do it I just
figured out how to do it and you're not
looking at like a Jim Lampley or anybody
in the broadcasting world when it comes
to fights of or this is something that
you developed on your own like sometimes
you look as a comedian you look at other
comedians say the Friars or yeah
Ireland's or whatnot do you didn't have
kind of like a mentor no not necessarily
because there wasn't one there wasn't a
lot of guys that did it
in in for martial arts commentary there
was John Peretti who was excellent he
was one of the very best who was
actually the UFC matchmaker and a
commentator when I first started he was
very good there's a guy named Jeff
Armstrong he was very good - he was
there when I first started - he actually
ran a promotion called hook and shoot
he's excellent he really knows what he's
doing and then there's a few other guys
you know that also did it but there's
like what I do as far as like stand
doing commentary for MMA this might may
be ten guys in the world that do it yeah
you know don't really do it on there's a
high level maybe ten guys well I mean
between one Fc
between you know brave and then the UFC
Bellator pfl there's maybe maybe ten
guys on the planet that are doing it
which is not a lot of people know and
there's a lot in the UFC now where
fighters are now transitioning to become
commentators and oftentimes they're the
best at it like Michael Bisping just did
this past weekend he was the UFC
middleweight champion and he's awesome
at it already did one one show they know
more obviously because they've been in
there you know they have that added
element of actually having fought
the UFC which is gigantic yeah I could
see I think Paulie Malignaggi yeah yeah
yeah he seems to be very very fantastic
he's very good he's very good very
technical but also very aware and
fighters can see things that maybe the
average person can't see like they see
when someone's slowing down they see
when someone's laying back they see when
someone got hurt to the body they see
like little things that maybe a person
who's never fought before it doesn't see
yeah the knowledge is key and plus the
the excitement level to I mean when when
someone gets hit for the announcer to
like react to that in a real way for for
an audience member it's like you know
you it's it's exciting ya know that's
what's up
yeah like when so if someone's boring
and bland and they don't really care
what's going on the audience feels it
and they feel it when you're faking it
too yeah if you try to pump it up and
fake it do you have any other hobbies
outside of comedy and um I'm not a big
hobby guy growing up my parents always
used to say what are you interested in
do anything so they gotta be happy now
look II worked out my how he is stand-up
comedy really I mean I like to cook
don't get me wrong I like to travel my
wife and I really really enjoy going to
different places and I love hotels it's
I mean and these aren't really hobbies
it's just I like hospitality so that's
my that's my passion I like having
people over at the house
and making them feel good that's that's
what I like to do I like to entertain if
I find out you like a specific drink or
you like something that's you know I
take I take notice of what people like
so when you come to my house I got what
you like there that's very tallien it's
very very Italian
and I've always had I know I work for
the Four Seasons Hotel and that chain
taught me to anticipate people's needs
so anytime I have anything at my house
whether it be a birthday party
get-together if it's gonna be a fight I
make sure when that you come over you
are taking care of not only with your
alcohol needs here's one I mean a pot
guy right I don't know smoke pot you
want start listen but I got pot at the
house just in case you want some really
so I thought you know you have alcohol
you have beer right you have scotch you
have wine right so what if what if
someone doesn't have a taste for alcohol
and they want to joint Wow I got a
couple of joints will you get it from
PDC from the Comedy Store I think I got
it from you know from though I think
it's the what's the med med men yeah
yeah I went in there you went in there
specifically just for hospitality
hospitality if you came over and I go
Joe you want to join and you're like
yeah you want smoke it no I don't smoke
but you know there have at it just to
have even a cigar I got two cigar smoke
cigars you want one I don't know I get a
I get joy in making others happy
so when you looked at your house did you
look at your house and go this is a good
house to entertain in mm-hmm uh yeah so
we see that like when you see like a
YouTube video on a home and they're
showing also a wonderful entertainers
home or entertainers home that's what I
think what does that mean a singer guys
playing piano what does that mean I like
I like a living room that bleeds into
the kitchen alright that's that's I like
that right right there's not really a
wall and be - yeah - it's got to be and
then I like indoor outdoor you live in
California I liked it yeah outside maybe
you want to have a drink outside and
bring it back in
yes it's like the different that's what
they let's what they're talking about
when it's an inert I like a fire out
saying oh that pit fire pit do you try
to bring people like if you have a party
to try to bring people over that you
think would have interesting
conversations yes although we have a
problem at this particular point we're
in a transition period we have a child
so I don't know if you went through this
but a lot of sometimes when you're
coming from a single couple but a couple
with no kids and now you have kids now
you're you're finding other people who
have kids Yeah right so that's what
we're in we're we're not yet into the
preschool so we're kind of in limbo
we're looking for new friends right that
our old friends are are bad it's just
now we have other obligations we have a
child we can we maybe can't go out at
the dinner at eight o'clock at night
only like we used to know now we're
looking to bring it to the house yeah no
I know exactly what you're saying we
went through that exact same transition
and a lot of times you pick up some dead
weight along the way the only thing they
have in common is the kids of the same
age and then you have to talk to some
fucking guy oh they give you ear
beatings about their job just like you
just some people just not interesting
it's unfortunate yeah I mean you do run
into that where you meet a guy like I
went to a toddler group last week no
some sometimes I do this obviously
because I want to hang out with my
daughter but sometimes the material that
comes out of going to something like
that is gold
yeah now it's me 15 women and a gay guy
at this toddler group right so I mean
it's just like it's almost rioting it's
like writes itself
yeah although I'm in a circle sitting
indian-style the hell I mean it it's
strange but man it's that that's the
things I want to do because I feel if I
live more of my life I could draw so
much more humor from it
or it it's a it's it's it's two-pronged
it's I want to hang out with my family
and I want to I don't want to talk to
people who are living these life
experiences because what I've noticed is
I want to keep the same kind of
lifestyle I've had when I wasn't
successful because I feel alone you
start detaching yourself from the daily
routine let's say even going to target
if you have somebody go to target for
you you know you miss out on like what
happens on a day to day and I want to
still keep that rich in and and
available to me that's very wise of you
that's very true
that is something that happens when
people become more and more famous
especially they become more reluctant to
go places like they just they don't want
to just go to the mall you know like
sometimes just got to go to the mall
yeah it's good it's good it's around
weirdos it's good well I think it was
you yeah it was you saying that like if
you were out at a restaurant and
somebody comes up to you and asked for a
picture because everybody wants a
picture nowadays to prove they met Joe
Rogan and then what what have you and
sometimes it's a little intrusive when
you're having dinner with your daughters
or your family and then it's like you
know I've had people ask me for pictures
while my daughters on my lap and I'm
feeding her yeah I had man you can't see
the promise you take that picture with
that guy and then someone says I want a
picture too and then you get 10 people
to get up and it sounds braggy but it's
not it's just it's a weird thing that
happens with people's phones half those
people don't even give a fuck about you
they really just want to take a picture
with someone that they saw you know on
fear factor or whatever and they just oh
there he is let me take a picture with
them and they've come over to your table
and they seem to think that it's part of
the job that you have to be every time
you're in public you have to be
available to them it's very weird like
rule that people have decide some fairly
ignorant people have decided so that's
why they would think that even with my
daughter on my lap and I'm literally
this is I was literally putting food
into her mouth and a guy was like hey
man can I get a picture like this is
this is not a good time yeah it's not a
good this is not a smart thing to ask
and
it's why people certain people are
reluctant to go out in the first place
what they're reluctant to go on public
but do you feel an obligation to at all
to your fan base to make yourself
available to them if if I'm not with my
kids yeah yeah so do you generally turn
down any photos or autographs it has to
be an extenuating circumstance for me to
say no if there has to be something
wrong like if someone you know if
someone is somewhere where they're not
supposed to be you know like like I had
a guy come backstage at the Comedy Store
with me made it backstage all the way to
the back and he's talking and and and
I'm like yeah I was last the other
comments you know this guy do you know
whose guy I go who are you man and he's
like oh I'm friends with this guy I go
see just walk back here I'm like you
gotta get the fuck out of here let's get
out of here man and then the security
comes and kicks the guy I'm like what is
happening here like there's no security
here like doc I didn't ask for a photo
but if he did I probably I probably take
a picture with that motherfucker I got a
picture with them out there yeah this
you know it's if you're in a rush if
you're trying to go somewhere and you're
literally running and someone wants to
pull their phone out like sometimes you
can't become most of time if I'm by
myself I'm very approachable yeah it's
just family stuff it's just like my kids
don't like it like especially my
youngest art she does not like it she
gets angry she squeezes my hand cuz
people ignore her and they just start
talking to me and she's just standing
there and eight-year-olds have zero
patience mm-hm she's sitting there going
boring she doesn't give a fuck if they
know me like to her I'm just dad yeah
you know it doesn't matter if I'm famous
it doesn't mean anything to her what
means to her is like when she's with me
she likes attention she wants me to talk
to her we have a nice little
relationship yeah I love having little
people it's fun it's like it's it's uh
it's for people that are single and I
think it all depends on where you are in
life and you know how reflective you are
about it for people that are single they
look at it and I know I did they look at
that as a potential burden because when
I was a kid I thought of myself as a
burden so I think of other children as a
burden but then you have them yourself
in this the love that you
for them is indescribable crazy feeling
that you didn't didn't even know was in
the menu before and then all sudden you
have this crazy feeling to this little
person it's your favorite thing to do
yeah it is amazing and then to echo
those thoughts I wasn't a big kid guy I
was like I don't really need kids know
this but then you have them and you're
like man what I'm missing this would be
if you go through life and you don't
have a child and and I'm just I'm not
saying you need to have a child to be
complete but for me man it's been it's
been fantastic and you know having a
baby boy now coming on the way is you
know it's great I mean it's not a burden
it's it's just adds to your life yeah
it's it's its responsibility it's so
overwhelming response yeah I mean it's
not about you it's about them and you
know you have to have a sense of I don't
know he you got to give them the time
they need in order for them to succeed
in in life and you know my parents gave
me gave me a lot of attention I mean my
dad was the type of guy that was not
really around because he was working and
my mom was kind of managing the house
but over the course of time my father
and I become best friends I mean you
know he's he's a huge critic of what I
do for a living I don't know if you have
parents that are heavily involved in
your career but man my father he's it
comes to the comes to the it's taken
notes at the show so he's one of these
guys he'll tell me if I suck I mean it's
good it keeps me level-headed you know I
have a family that is very very honest
and they know it's lunches and you know
people confuse that with being cruel
what honesty yeah yeah I listen my
father and our my relationship with my
father has been and I had a towel and I
said dad you know just could he come to
just be a fan and not like a father just
enjoy the show you know
after you know critique it which you
know he has backed off but I know deep
down he's dying to tell me dying I mean
I know when I do something on TV and if
you don't like say nothing about it he
don't like it you know let's say if
let's say if you listen to this
interview and then we talk and he
doesn't bring it up I know he's gonna
say you sucked it's no good
boring boring well shut it off why
people want to listen to you you know
like yeah give it to me but that's also
why you're so funny because you grew up
with that that's part of the whole
program totally totally I mean I think
that's a huge reason why I am the way I
am because I'm kind of honest when I'm
talking about comedy on stage the
honesty is to me that the the funny the
funniest stuff I got is just the truth
and if you don't speak the truth then I
don't think it's particularly funny at
least in my life but yeah to come from
that yeah my sister my my wife you know
they'll tell me yeah yeah my wife will
tell me too my wife is fucking funny
she's hilarious she says ridiculous shit
all the time and she's getting good at
it like she likes to make me laugh so
like she'll point at some to look at
this motherfucker and like then we'll
both start cracking up that's huge to
and she'll tell me like if he seemed a
little off tonight like yeah yes new
shits especially when I have new
material Matt's slippery you know new
materials like know something's there
but and the only thing that makes it
better is trial and error that's the
only thing that makes it better
it's the only thing just fucking
constantly doing sex you know I know
you're at the store all the time are you
working other clubs as well around no I
just like to some motherland just that
stage in the original original room for
whatever reason I feel the most
comfortable and the most creative yeah
I'm not saying I won't do the ice house
so stuff like that but it's it's it's
easy it's it's kind of near where I live
I bounced in I bounced out and
I like I like doing it there and I used
to bring my wife there when we didn't
have a baby and my wife I think and I
don't know if your wife has do you think
your humor has like bled into your your
wife's because my wife yeah looking at
the world completely different like a
comic yeah my wife started comedy yeah
she thinks like a comic yeah so
definitely if you around comics all the
time you think like comics like when
comics come over the house she's always
fucking with them it's hilarious she'll
start poking farting them and she gets a
kick out of it and when she's with her
friends she's absolutely the one who's
always talking shit and making making
people laugh that's funny
yeah it's uh it's the most fun group of
people to be around when we're all at
the store when we all see each other I
mean that's one of the things that makes
me feel so fortunate is that I have so
many friends that are hilarious
like when I go there I see these guys
and I know that we're gonna we're gonna
have some fun we're gonna we're gonna do
sets but we're also gonna hang out in
that back bar and talk shit and laugh a
lot it just it's a great friendly
environment you know to it and I like to
laugh I love to laugh so when I go to
the comedy store
I don't really if I'm around comedians I
don't say much cuz I I'd rather sit back
and enjoy what's happening in front of
me that he actually be a part of it
because for me you know I make people
laugh all the time
and to be around five or six comedians
in the parking lot of the Comedy Store
and watched whatever you go off on a
tangent or cat Kalen start you know
doing his thing I just sit back and
enjoy it I don't like to speak around I
like to go when I'm in the main room I
like to go into the to the bar and sit
in the back and watch the show sometimes
too when I know I'm not going up at all
that night in that room I like I like to
do I like to be an audience member I
still really enjoy that I still really
enjoy just sit in the back with a drink
and just laugh and it's great it's a
great thing to be a part of it was
fucking murdering it these days Neal
Brennan Neal Brennan is on fire right
now he's on fire he's doing
really really well I think that's
special on Netflix the three mics has
really opened himself up to performing
in front of large audiences and he's
always been a real funny cat you know
yes always been real funny but he's in a
new zone right now we were I was
watching him the other night in the o.r
I was sitting in the back my god damn
this new stuff is good really here
that's just such a fucking it's such a
great hot spot there's so much good
comedy going on in that place with
Santino Santino has been murdering
lately Hinch cliffs been killing it
there's just so many good comics there
it's like just you feel like you it's
it's fuel its inspiration oh yeah you
walk in and see some guy going up and
you're like man that's that's some funny
stuff and you feel inspired to go and go
yeah well I'm gonna I'm gonna write
something new or what have you
it's nice this is a nice community to be
a part of that Comedy Store it's really
helped me over the last 20 years yeah
it's it's very unique you know and I
showed you that painting that a tailor
made mm-hmm I posted up on Instagram
that's the painting of Mitzi I think I'm
gonna put that motherfucker right there
that's nice I've met you watch over us
yeah this this whole thing you got going
on here and I don't know if you talked
about it much I don't know if you're
private about it but even even being
here in this studio is inspiring when I
when you were showing me what you have
and whatnot I'm like man see I don't I
don't
I've always looked at people who have
things or it whether it be if you have a
nice home or a nice car or whatever it
is a nice family
I always inspire to do that I don't
begrudge anybody that has a lot I've
always looked at it as I wanna be where
that person is approach to you know it's
being a bitter bitter yeah that's very
healthy yeah III mean man just just
having having a treadmill whatever
whatever it is the treadmill you showed
man that's that's not I want to get
something like that I mean I just just
always looked I want to be around people
who you know are inspiring yeah me too
yeah I mean that's one of the best
things about this podcast I get a chance
to talk to really interesting people an
aqua all walks of life and
you know it's weird all the worlds mixed
together but all those interesting
inspirational people it's definitely
made me more aware and smarter 100% made
me more aware of things made me
reconsider my positions on things made
me like like we talked about David
Goggins I mean I just think about that
guy and I want to work out harder dude
there's a part in a book I think he went
to support his mother or sister in a
race and then in Las Vegas and then I
think he just took off and left like he
wasn't he was there for them isn't it
there's an inner part where he just like
he was in dress shoes and he he's just
started running that's that's him man I
was like he's a man and savage he said
legit and what's great about him one of
my favorite parts about David Goggins is
that he's real honest about who used to
be that he was like 300 pounds and fat
lazy and drinking milkshakes and he just
was depressed and couldn't get his shit
together and then he hardened himself up
through some strange force of will yeah
and became that guy decided he wanted to
become that guy who was as he puts it
uncommon amongst uncommon men you know
that he just decided I'm going to be the
motherfucker from other fuckers and then
he's so much like that when people
around him like oh Jesus because he's so
fucking intense like you got to ramp it
up to like I'm not ready for Coggins
right now I was gonna do 20 sit-ups and
20 chin-ups and 20 push-ups and I was
gonna go home this motherfucker wants a
run till we die yeah you know but that's
those people I don't know how many
people Goggins has inspired that listen
to this podcast and all sudden they're
out there hustling and they're out there
doing things on a level that they never
did before and they're putting in that
work and exerting themselves in that way
you know and he rubs some people the
wrong way because of that because he's
so aggressive and intense some people
are just reluctant to be inspired by a
guy like that yeah
they're almost like it's too much I'm
always been there he's been he's been
there you know he's been in the in the
basement of life you know I mean 300
pounds and really come from you know the
father was
and he willed himself out of it so I
mean if he could do it you know why
can't I run another mile and a half yeah
there's a video that I listened to from
my friend Jocko Jocko willing who was a
Navy SEAL commander and he's got this
video and it just says it's just it's
it's I think it's called good because
it's how he looks at everything oh you
hurt your ankle good more time to work
on other things you know you didn't get
to promotion good good
everything's good everything good that's
like how he looks at things
Wow and I've been like running hills
halfway fucking dead
exhausted camp breeds like Oh your lungs
are on fire good you got an opportunity
to get better shape like good keep
pushing this is what it's all about good
this is an opportunity to to face the
intensity of this moment you got played
that play that video play that video
just a just a freak Sebastian now cuz
this is something I listen to this like
one of my guys that work for me every
three or four months call me up or pull
me aside which are major problems some
issue that was going on and he tape off
so we got this and that and the other
thing and I look at him I'd say good and
finally one day he was telling me about
some issue that he was having some
problem and he said I already know what
you're gonna say I said well what am I
gonna say he said you're gonna say good
he said that's what you always say when
something is wrong and going bad you
always just look at me and say good and
I said well yeah when things are going
bad there's gonna be some good that's
gonna come from it didn't get the new
high speed gear we wanted good didn't
get promoted
[Music]
Oh mission got cancelled good we can
focus on the other one didn't get funded
didn't get the job you wanted got
injured sprained my ankle got tapped out
good got be
unexpected problems
we have the output
to figure out a solution that's it when
things are going bad don't get all
bummed out don't get startled don't get
frustrated
if you can say the word good guess what
the meet you're still alive
they means you're still breathing
and if you're still breathing
or now
you still got some fight left
so get up
Dustoff reload recalibrate re-engage go
out on the attack come on don't you mind
just go run through a fucking wall right
now hey Joe good good I think of that
all the time that's a legit thing that
bounces around in my head when I'm tired
when something's wrong in my life I
think good good don't be a bitch look at
this the right way look at this right
way you're gonna have the things are
gonna go wrong yeah you always do if
they don't you're not trying anything
unusual you're not doing anything
difficult you're not stretching yourself
out yeah I like looking at videos like
that and being introduced to guys like
that I mean that's how I got introduced
to Goggins someone played a video of him
dr. Eric Thomas was a motivational
speaker who loved listening to I love
listening to people who get me motive I
need that
yeah jock who's got a great podcast -
that guy's a Navy SEAL yeah he's a
motherfucker
he's uh he's a very interesting cat
extremely intelligent but just as manly
as they come you know and just fucking
owns it and you you you know you see
that guy talk one of the reason why
that's so inspirational is because
that's really him you go to his
Instagram every day there's a photograph
of his watch at 4:30 in the morning
because that's when he gets up to train
the trains by himself and it'll take a
photo of the puddle that's on the ground
after he's done and then he earns the
sunrise so he gets up and he goes to the
fucking beach and he sees his son come
up after he's done training he's a
savage that's a real savage these guys
that get up at 4:00 or 4:30 in the
morning and I'm like what happened
taking a nap he'll take a nap later but
the point is he makes himself it's
nothing wrong with taking a nap and all
but this is that occasion I get his
whole fucking instagrams pictures of his
watch
he's a fuck
and mall but he's really doing it till
he's a Brazilian jiu-jitsu blackbelt
like a very high level black belt he's
tapped some world-class competitors and
fucking great guy - cool yeah he was a
guest on Tim Ferriss podcast that's how
I heard about him then I had him on mine
and me and Tim both convinced him to do
his own podcast I was hugely popular got
a great book out what is it extreme
ownership yeah he's fantastic
I'll definitely look at him yeah people
like that are so important because they
give you this stuff just that little
push that changed the frequency of your
brain and make you gets you fired up but
you can accomplish a lot of things
because of people like that and there's
there's extra gears to be had extra
horsepower to be put to things totally
good good
so now that you've done you know for
sold-out shows in Madison Square Garden
I mean this is the fucking pinnacle of
any stand-up conference career there's
only a handful of comics that have ever
been able to do that there's like dice
louis c.k there's a few others i mean
it's a you're in a rare place do you
have other goals or are you just just
working on maintaining and and continue
to put on good shows for your fans
that's been the goal I I'm not a gold
guy I don't I don't say hey this is my
goals this year I never planned on doing
Madison Square Garden my only goal when
I got into this business was to do it
for a living
I want to do stand-up comedy for a
living and now wherever it takes me it
takes me it took me to the garden I'm
not looking at my vision board and going
doing the Vatican next it's believing
the secret wherever this takes me it
takes me you know to do the Madison
Square Garden was was fabulous it was a
great experience
nothing nothing quite like the rush of
going out in front of 18,000 people in
the round and
you know having your family witness it
my mother when she walked into the arena
started crying you know she was there
when I was imagining her you gave birth
to this little tiny baby yeah and this
little tiny baby is got four sold-out
shows at Madison Square Garden it hit
her it hit her heart and you know
must've hit you too to see it hit her oh
man I was listen I'm an emotional guy so
to see my I brought my little baby and
Lana on stage for a photo at the end of
it
I brought my father on stage I brought
my mother and my sister on stage to kind
of like share in that moment so yeah
when my mother walked in an empty arena
and saw it you know she had flashbacks
to in 1998 when I did say knees and we
had to get you know friends and family
there to fill the audience and then now
she walks in and her son's doing four of
these you know it was it was a great I'm
so glad my parents were alive to see
that it would be a shame if if they
weren't there because they've been on
this journey from the beginning these
are parents who when I told them in 1996
that I was going to go out to Los
Angeles to pursue a stand-up career
didn't look at me and go do you not
still looked at me and go hey you know
what if you think you got what it takes
get the hell out there don't put
yourself a time limit no some people say
if I don't do it in five years
I'm gonna quit or whatever so when I
came out here was all in you know if I
said five years I wouldn't have been
here I would have been back in Chicago
working at Motorola who knows yeah so I
family has always been really really key
to my success having people were very
supportive and my wife who's a huge huge
reason I am doing what I'm doing I mean
you you know to have a wife to deal with
the life of a comedian on the road away
from home a lot and you got to add like
a strong strong woman to be in your
corner and to put up with that also just
to deal with the weirdo a fucking comics
a weird person yeah I mean just just the
mentality of a comedian is
is tough to be around not tough it's
just you know we're always we're always
you know in our own head sometime so
yeah so to answer your question where do
I go from here
I don't know I'm enjoying doing some
movies I just got started dip in my tone
to some of these movies the Green Book
which is out now and nominated for some
awards for the Oscars happy to be a part
of that and then I like it exercising a
different muscle when it comes to acting
but not comedic acting I like the dramas
mmm how come I'm a serious guy generally
speaking I'm not a goofball I'm not the
guy always the center of attention it's
just not who I am so I like kind of
being serious and and and and acting in
a Drama kind of place to kind of Who I
am it's kind of a serious guy and I like
it I get my fix from doing a stand-up on
stage I don't need to do it in a movie
so I like the challenge number one and
number two I just like to do different
different things a little bit outside
the box so I like I'd like to I mean did
this gangster movie coming out with
Scorsese and no shit yes what is that
it's called to work with Scorsese yes so
called the Irish Irishman what is it
about it's about basically Jimmy Hoffa
and how how they killed them
this is this guy I ride the narrow plays
the Irishman Jimmy Hoffa's played by
Pacino Pesci's in the movie so and I
played crazy Joe Gallo and my first and
the scent was with De Niro and Pesci so
what the fuck was that lie yeah so um I
was shitting I mean there's nothing who
is that on the left but you know get the
fuck out of here
Wow
that's incredible I mean maybe it's just
that photograph but it that barely looks
like I know I know that this is coming
out on Netflix that's crazy yeah how
different he looks wow that's a Netflix
movie huh yeah fucking Netflix huh yeah
it's like a hundred forty five million
dollar project and now he is us they
it's coming out on October 2 what is it
like to just be around Scorsese on a
movie set and realize you're a fucking
actor in a Scorsese movie
that's gotta be I mean that is about as
high level as his but it's like either
Francis Ford Coppola Scorsese there's
like a few people that if you're on a
set with them you know Kubrick when he
was alive like holy shit that was a holy
shit moment for me I was out listen I am
by no stretch of the imagination a
seasoned actor and then to get thrown
into this group of people and working
with them I mean I gotta tell you there
was a sense of doubt like you know
sometimes I should I be here you know is
this is this happening and then you know
to do the scene with the narrow and
Pesci it was almost like after the first
scene I'm like oh yeah I should be here
it's all the anticipation leading up to
the moment that is unfamiliar to you
then once you do it you feel like man I
that was all in my head and I made it
sound like it was going to be you know
because I was thinking the negative too
I always think oh I'm gonna screw this
up and that's that's what motivates me I
never look in the positive always come
from a negative place but once once I
did that first scene with them and they
were it these guys were more than
helpful working with them Scorsese when
he came out it was friendly nice you
know it was it was encouraging to be
around that kind of positive energy did
you have a hard time sleeping the night
before oh yeah I didn't sleep I don't
think for the first week leading up to
the scene
because I knew it was gonna be with De
Niro and Pesci was like they took Gotham
comedy club in New York City and they
made it the Copacabana which I thought
was fitting because Gotham comedy club
is kind of where I did all my stand-up
in New York I didn't really do any other
club but Gotham and then here great Club
great club
Mazzilli brothers who run it all of
those tasks that guys and they stay
transform the the Gotham comedy club
into the Copacabana and Don Rickles is
played by Jim Norton oh sure oh I'm
watching I'm watching him on stage with
mushy and it's like I'm no it's a
perfect Rickles I'm just thinking about
that he's perfect for that you really
did a fantastic job really really I mean
even a smile is almost like Rickles
esque yeah they gave him oh that's
fantastic casting Wow I mean come on who
the fuck else would be better yeah get
him fat did they fatten him up fatten
him up did he give a make up to fatten
up but they make him eat
they made him I think they made him bald
and they gave him a fat suit no shit
Wow so that's amazing I mean the Jim
Norns a guy known for what over 20 years
and now I'm sitting there watching him
as Don Rickles in a movie it was just
blowing my mind
just blowing my mind but this thing is
going to be I can't wait to see it I
didn't see any of the movie even when I
was doing it I'm even look at what I was
doing so uh I'm really excited to see
what this thing looks like god damn
that's phenomenal what a milestone a
movie with De Niro Al Pacino Joe George
has she a fucking Scorsese film Harvey
Keitel's oh holy shit
Bobby kind of always in it there's at
Harvey Keitel a lot of people never saw
the bad lieutenant you ever seen the
matter lieutenant I've never seen oh my
god look Harvey Keitel has been amazing
and virtually everything he's ever done
but the Bad Lieutenant is one of those
movies that's so fucked up and so crazy
it was a about
bad cop like I'll fucking really bad
okay and like completely totally out of
control
but it is one of those movies where
after it's over you know the credits
roll and you just sitting there trying
to catch your breath just calling Jesus
Christ with a fuck that I just watch
there's a 80s ah I don't know Jackie was
it says 93 but they remade it with
Nicolas Cage a couple years ago get the
fuck no it's not the same no no I love
Nicolas Cage but no you stick to driving
that Eleanor Mustang and gone in 60
seconds you can't be bad lieutenant you
son of a bitch nothing you're not a
great actor but look it's just there's
certain guys that take over a role and
to do that again like here's one like
say if they offered you taxi driver they
say hey we're gonna do taxi driver again
you'd have to be like yeah good luck
casting somebody else get that fuck away
from me right okay you can't be you
can't be De Niro in taxi driver
unless you're De Niro like possible that
movie Cape Fear another one he nailed
it's but by the way Cape Fear was I
think someone else was that character
before I think Robert Mitchum I think
played the same role that De Niro played
but I didn't know that when I saw it
when I saw it I just thought it's
fucking DeNiro 1962 there it is yeah but
if they tried to do it today like get
the fuck out of here no no no no no no
no you can't especially taxi drive now
you can't recreate that role no Barry
Tennant nobody's seen that necklace Cage
Babbitt and even Nicolas Cage probably
didn't watch it it might have been like
a sequel I don't know if it was a remake
cuz it's called port of call like it's
got an extension on the end of the port
O'Call New Orleans it's called Bad
Lieutenant port of call no oh yeah I
heard about that
yeah yeah that's the Nicolas Cage one
yeah okay hein
so they tried to piggyback on or some
shit like that yeah but whatever that
Harvey Keitel version is holy shit but
he's creating everything he was great in
Pulp Fiction he's great in everything
yeah a nice fantastic actor and they
really I mean the people in this movie
are what's it like hanging out with
those guys I listen Joe when I went in
there I told myself ain't talking to
nobody
I'm gonna speak when spoken to
yeah there was a part one they were kind
of lighting the Niro and I and we're
standing face to face and he's looking
at me and I'm looking right at him and
I'm I wasn't gonna say nothing and then
he comes in on my my tiny a tiny zit be
tighten a little bit and he cinched my
thigh straightened out my so yeah I had
a wig they put me in a wig what kind of
wig like actually there's their third
that if you if you type up Sebastian
Maniscalco Irishman that it should pop
up yeah what is the difference you know
it's I'm so confused
why they give you a wig it's got
sideburns I mean if you if you see it in
person you'll understand maybe why yeah
it's not that much of a departure from
from my my real hair but did they give
you the option to grow in sideburns and
you like get the fuck out of you know
they just said again I dad I didn't say
nothing they said you're gonna wear a
wig no no problem whatever you want me
to do Scorsese was like um okay um
there's a part where I'm gonna go
through a window and he's like okay when
you go through the window and I'm like
oh I'm going through a window cuz I knew
there was a stunt guy involved right but
he's telling me that I'm gonna go
through the window and I wasn't gonna
say I don't do windows right to a window
yeah I'm not gonna tell Martin Scorsese
I'm sorry I need a stunt guy right um
but then they said hey Marty there is a
stunt guy here he goes oh okay so I was
working to go through the window I went
through a window on Newsradio Nick
DiPaolo threw me through a window is
that right uh it's it's easy they're
made out of sugar glass you just go
right through it alright it's weird it
feels like nothing like a good tissue
paper or something it's very strange I
was like whatever whatever whatever it
takes
Scorsese wants me to go through I mean
the guy went through the stunt double
one through when he cut his hand oh did
he really so I don't know what what it
was oh
if I went through the window Joe I would
have been dead Cersei is he's such a
psycho he might have made the guy go
through real glass you know like this is
just not realistic enough this yeah five
hundred extra dollars the sugar glass
whatever it is it's not gonna work
but I guess you could probably cut
yourself on that sugar glass yet if you
landed wrong I mean if it was sticking
up wrong you placed your hand funny
makes sense yeah that's how I could cut
yourself a little but but yeah that was
exciting it's been really exciting for
me to last three or four years to have
these opportunities to do these things
and yeah it's that's great listen man
it's been awesome to see because I
remember you first starting out at the
Comedy Store
I really do I remember you from the late
90s just trying to get your shit
together we did a lot of shows together
man you know and then you really came
into your own and then during the time
that I was away and I was hearing from
some you know comics always talk I was
hearing from so many people how hard you
were killing you know so many people
were saying you were doing great and
you've always been like a real easy guy
really easy guy to hang out with real
easy guys to talk to so to see you blow
up like this it's been just fucking
awesome a lot of things I appreciate
that Joe and we've known each other for
a while and you're right at the time
that you were away from the comedy store
I think I kind of you know found my
voice in the beginning there was really
tough for me to you know to you know
find work I mean Alan I think I thought
talked about this the last time I was on
the cast I was trying like different
shirts and come through I've come with
it's my nipples hanging out and like a
leopard shirt I thought it was cool yeah
this is one of those things is a young
medium you're trying all these different
things out what you were trying it out
in the Lions Den - no I mean you are in
the fucking the belly of the beast
trying out stand-up it's very hard to do
yeah but no but I appreciate you the
support you've given me over the years
and having men
I don't take this lightly you know I
mean when you had this podcast and it
became so huge and it still is huge to
have me on here you know I I appreciate
it because you know I don't take
anything for granted
well I don't take you for gonna need the
brother I really appreciate man God
thank you very much
Sebastian Maniscalco ladies and
gentlemen that's it goodbye see ya
[Applause]
[Music]